This folder is for the haskell solutions for the DE APCS Entrance Exam Questions
The problems are as follows
1. Write a function which will sum a range of integers starting from 1going up and including a value entered by the user. Write a main function which takes the number entered by the user and calls the function, outputting the result to the user.
2. Write a function which will count the number of times any one character appears in a string of characters. Write a main function which takes the character to be counted from the user and calls the function, outputting the result to the user.
3. Write a function which computes the solutions of any quadratic equation of the form ax2 + bx + c = 0. Write a main function which takes the three coefficients from the user and calls the function, outputting the results to the user. Make sure that your function will not try to evaluate any square roots of negative numbers.
4. Write a function which computes the slope and y-intercept for the line passing through the points (x1, y1) and (x2, y2). Use this formula for the slope: (y_1- y_2)/(x_1-x_2 )  and this one for the y-intercept: b = y1 – m*x1. Write a main function which takes the values of x1, y1, x2 and y2 from the user and calls the function, outputting the results to the user.
5. Write a function which determines if a number is prime or composite. Write a main function which takes the number from the user and calls the function, outputting the results to the user.
6. Write a function which decides if any year entered from the keyboard is a leap year. Write a main function which takes the year from the user and calls the function, outputting the results to the user.
7. Write a function which decides, given the numbers a and b, if the larger is a multiple of the smaller. Write a main function which takes the two numbers from the user and calls the function, outputting the results to the user.
